---
_id: f9033970-ae44-11ec-aae7-4f7954ee43c8
name: Eric Jones
email: 16a5d05da636c3f1be4926e60b2a5a01
permalink: false
date: '2022-03-28T03:13:00.513Z'
---
My name’s Eric and I just came across your website - bguiz.com - in the search results.

Here’s what that means to me…

Your SEO’s working.

You’re getting eyeballs – mine at least.

Your content’s pretty good, wouldn’t change a thing.

BUT…

Eyeballs don’t pay the bills.

CUSTOMERS do.

And studies show that 7 out of 10 visitors to a site like bguiz.com will drop by, take a gander, and then head for the hills without doing anything else.

It’s like they never were even there.

You can fix this.

You can make it super-simple for them to raise their hand, say, “okay, let’s talk” without requiring them to even pull their cell phone from their pocket… thanks to Talk With Web Visitor.

Talk With Web Visitor is a software widget that sits on your site, ready and waiting to capture any visitor’s Name, Email address and Phone Number.  It lets you know immediately – so you can talk to that lead immediately… without delay… BEFORE they head for those hills.
  
CLICK HERE http://talkwithwebtraffic.com to try out a Live Demo with Talk With Web Visitor now to see exactly how it works.

Now it’s also true that when reaching out to hot leads, you MUST act fast – the difference between contacting someone within 5 minutes versus 30 minutes later is huge – like 100 times better!

That’s what makes our new SMS Text With Lead feature so powerful… you’ve got their phone number, so now you can start a text message (SMS) conversation with them… so even if they don’t take you up on your offer right away, you continue to text them new offers, new content, and new reasons to do business with you.

This could change everything for you and your business.

CLICK HERE http://talkwithwebtraffic.com to learn more about everything Talk With Web Visitor can do and start turing eyeballs into money.

Eric
PS: Talk With Web Visitor offers a FREE 14 days trial – you could be converting up to 100x more leads immediately!   
It even includes International Long Distance Calling. 
Paying customers are out there waiting. 
Starting connecting today by CLICKING HERE http://talkwithwebtraffic.com to try Talk With Web Visitor now.

If you'd like to unsubscribe click here http://talkwithwebtraffic.com/unsubscribe.aspx?d=bguiz.com
