---
_id: b0f1c320-b65d-11eb-985f-45c5a23f16b1
name: Eric Jones
email: 16a5d05da636c3f1be4926e60b2a5a01
permalink: false
date: '2021-05-16T15:45:08.428Z'
---
Hi, my name is Eric and I’m betting you’d like your website bguiz.com to generate more leads.

Here’s how:
Talk With Web Visitor is a software widget that’s works on your site, ready to capture any visitor’s Name, Email address and Phone Number.  It signals you as soon as they say they’re interested – so that you can talk to that lead while they’re still there at bguiz.com.

Talk With Web Visitor – CLICK HERE https://talkwithwebvisitors.com for a live demo now.

And now that you’ve got their phone number, our new SMS Text With Lead feature enables you to start a text (SMS) conversation – answer questions, provide more info, and close a deal that way.

If they don’t take you up on your offer then, just follow up with text messages for new offers, content links, even just “how you doing?” notes to build a relationship.

CLICK HERE https://talkwithwebvisitors.com to discover what Talk With Web Visitor can do for your business.

The difference between contacting someone within 5 minutes versus a half-hour means you could be converting up to 100X more leads today!

Try Talk With Web Visitor and get more leads now.

Eric
PS: The studies show 7 out of 10 visitors don’t hang around – you can’t afford to lose them!
Talk With Web Visitor offers a FREE 14 days trial – and it even includes International Long Distance Calling. 
You have customers waiting to talk with you right now… don’t keep them waiting. 
CLICK HERE https://talkwithwebvisitors.com to try Talk With Web Visitor now.

If you'd like to unsubscribe click here http://talkwithwebvisitors.com/unsubscribe.aspx?d=bguiz.com
