---
_id: 14487170-af4c-11ec-a7e5-1b617207e9bd
name: Eric Jones
email: 16a5d05da636c3f1be4926e60b2a5a01
permalink: false
date: '2022-03-29T10:36:23.911Z'
---
My name’s Eric and I just found your site bguiz.com.

It’s got a lot going for it, but here’s an idea to make it even MORE effective.

Talk With Web Visitor – CLICK HERE http://talkwithwebtraffic.com for a live demo now.

Talk With Web Visitor is a software widget that’s works on your site, ready to capture any visitor’s Name, Email address and Phone Number.  It signals you the moment they let you know they’re interested – so that you can talk to that lead while they’re literally looking over your site.

And once you’ve captured their phone number, with our new SMS Text With Lead feature, you can automatically start a text (SMS) conversation… and if they don’t take you up on your offer then, you can follow up with text messages for new offers, content links, even just “how you doing?” notes to build a relationship.

CLICK HERE http://talkwithwebtraffic.com to discover what Talk With Web Visitor can do for your business.

The difference between contacting someone within 5 minutes versus a half-hour means you could be converting up to 100X more leads today!

Eric
PS: Studies show that 70% of a site’s visitors disappear and are gone forever after just a moment. Don’t keep losing them. 
Talk With Web Visitor offers a FREE 14 days trial – and it even includes International Long Distance Calling. 
You have customers waiting to talk with you right now… don’t keep them waiting. 
CLICK HERE http://talkwithwebtraffic.com to try Talk With Web Visitor now.

If you'd like to unsubscribe click here http://talkwithwebtraffic.com/unsubscribe.aspx?d=bguiz.com
