---
_id: 3156a490-1cba-11ed-a200-e54d7c6a7cfe
name: Eric Jones
email: 9054ae791e4968b27c7351448aa80d81
permalink: false
date: '2022-08-15T16:49:13.892Z'
---
Good day, 

My name is Eric and unlike a lot of emails you might get, I wanted to instead provide you with a word of encouragement – Congratulations

What for?  

Part of my job is to check out websites and the work you’ve done with bguiz.com definitely stands out. 

It’s clear you took building a website seriously and made a real investment of time and resources into making it top quality.

There is, however, a catch… more accurately, a question…

So when someone like me happens to find your site – maybe at the top of the search results (nice job BTW) or just through a random link, how do you know? 

More importantly, how do you make a connection with that person?

Studies show that 7 out of 10 visitors don’t stick around – they’re there one second and then gone with the wind.

Here’s a way to create INSTANT engagement that you may not have known about… 

Talk With Web Visitor is a software widget that’s works on your site, ready to capture any visitor’s Name, Email address and Phone Number.  It lets you know INSTANTLY that they’re interested – so that you can talk to that lead while they’re literally checking out bguiz.com.

CLICK HERE https://boostleadgeneration.com to try out a Live Demo with Talk With Web Visitor now to see exactly how it works.

It could be a game-changer for your business – and it gets even better… once you’ve captured their phone number, with our new SMS Text With Lead feature, you can automatically start a text (SMS) conversation – immediately (and there’s literally a 100X difference between contacting someone within 5 minutes versus 30 minutes.)

Plus then, even if you don’t close a deal right away, you can connect later on with text messages for new offers, content links, even just follow up notes to build a relationship.

Everything I’ve just described is simple, easy, and effective. 

CLICK HERE https://boostleadgeneration.com to discover what Talk With Web Visitor can do for your business.

You could be converting up to 100X more leads today!

Eric
PS: Talk With Web Visitor offers a FREE 14 days trial – and it even includes International Long Distance Calling. 
You have customers waiting to talk with you right now… don’t keep them waiting. 
CLICK HERE https://boostleadgeneration.com to try Talk With Web Visitor now.

If you'd like to unsubscribe click here http://boostleadgeneration.com/unsubscribe.aspx?d=bguiz.com
