---
_id: b5e60f60-6e91-11ed-a2b7-353d0be2e561
name: Eric Jones
email: 9054ae791e4968b27c7351448aa80d81
permalink: false
date: '2022-11-27T20:26:02.255Z'
---
Hi, Eric here with a quick thought about your website bguiz.com...

I’m on the internet a lot and I look at a lot of business websites.

Like yours, many of them have great content. 

But all too often, they come up short when it comes to engaging and connecting with anyone who visits.

I get it – it’s hard.  Studies show 7 out of 10 people who land on a site, abandon it in moments without leaving even a trace.  You got the eyeball, but nothing else.

Here’s a solution for you…

Talk With Web Visitor is a software widget that’s works on your site, ready to capture any visitor’s Name, Email address and Phone Number.  You’ll know immediately they’re interested and you can call them directly to talk with them literally while they’re still on the web looking at your site.

CLICK HERE https://boostleadgeneration.com to try out a Live Demo with Talk With Web Visitor now to see exactly how it works.

It could be huge for your business – and because you’ve got that phone number, with our new SMS Text With Lead feature, you can automatically start a text (SMS) conversation – immediately… and contacting someone in that 5 minute window is 100 times more powerful than reaching out 30 minutes or more later.

Plus, with text messaging you can follow up later with new offers, content links, even just follow up notes to keep the conversation going.

Everything I’ve just described is extremely simple to implement, cost-effective, and profitable. 
 
CLICK HERE https://boostleadgeneration.com to discover what Talk With Web Visitor can do for your business.

You could be converting up to 100X more eyeballs into leads today!

Eric
PS: Talk With Web Visitor offers a FREE 14 days trial – and it even includes International Long Distance Calling. 
You have customers waiting to talk with you right now… don’t keep them waiting. 
CLICK HERE https://boostleadgeneration.com to try Talk With Web Visitor now.

If you'd like to unsubscribe click here http://boostleadgeneration.com/unsubscribe.aspx?d=bguiz.com
