---
_id: b0f9c6c0-47ee-11eb-87c8-114a43cc37dd
name: Brantimp
email: b16cc46d030200d65cd3884748e964b3
permalink: false
date: '2020-12-27T02:53:26.497Z'
---
Cambuslang seal roi of keeper Stewart as he's reunited with boss Campbell

Goalkeeper Stewart has sent back to The Lang (pic: Rutherglen Reformer)Sign up to FREE email alerts from Daily Record SubscribeWhen you subscribe we will use the text you provide to send you these newsletters. Sometimes they'll include strategies for other related newsletters or services we offer. OurPrivacy Noticeexplains on how we use your data, and suddenly your rights. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Thank you for subscribingWe have more newslettersShow meSee ourprivacy noticeIain Stewart admits the pull of working with Billy Campbell again was too good to turn down after registering with another spell with Cambuslang Rangers.

The 29 year old goalkeeper joined from Gartcairn the other day as one of three new signings, as well as ex Alloa and Pollok striker Paul McAulay and former Brechin midfielder Ryan Stewart.

And he's been speedily reunited with Campbell, Whom he worked with at Gartcairn earlier in the season.

Campbell resigned from The Lang in February 2019 and took up the associate manager's role at Gartcairn weeks later.

Read MoreallMost ReadMost RecentHarry RedknappHarry Redknapp targeting Airdrie takeover as former Tottenham boss plots return to footballThe Lanarkshire club could act as a feeder for teams south of the border.

John Kennedy offers Celtic transfer update as he issues Odsonne Edouard 10 in a Row bid assurancesJohn KennedyNeil Lennon's asst is not resigned to losing key men for next season.

The shock Odsonne Edouard transfer price up as ex Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers tipped to miss outOdsonne EdouardThe Frenchman is set to be high on the list for a host of clubs looking to strengthen their squad.

Alfredo Morelos shift clue as Rangers deal maker hints at extended Ibrox stayAlfredo MorelosFormer Rangers striker JJ knows the Colombian from his time in Finland and played a key role in him moving to Ibrox.

christopher Jullien shuts down Celtic title snipers as he reveals emotional trophy home deliverychristopher JullienThe big defender has laughed off claims from detractors as he savoured his first Premiership crown.

Lanarkshire Cambuslang seal return of keeper Stewart as he's reunited with boss CampbellHibs hero Steven Whittaker reveals the Hearts transfer offer that was doomed to failSteven WhittakerThe full back reflects on his career at Easter Road and beyond after he premiered earlier this week.

Ann Budge doubles down on Hearts legal threat as she lays out timeline for reconstruction talksAnn BudgeThe Jambos will be relegated if a plan to expand the top flight is not passed.

Ianis Hagi tipped for Rangers 'total success' as Kilmarnock hero gives lowdown on Belgium strugglesIanis HagiThe 21 year old put pen to paper on a three year deal recently.

Scottish Premiership return plan revealed as Neil Donaster holds crucial government summitScottish Football AssociationThe SPFL and SFA are keen to have players back in well versed in two weeks.

Most ReadMost RecentCoronavirusMum of five [url=https://www.bestbrides.net/cookie-jarring-a-dating-trend-to-watch-out-by-ukraine-ladies/]Ukraine ladies[/url] tragically dies of Covid 19 after seven weeks in hospital aloneKaren Birtwell suffered with asthma since the age of 13.

Harry Redknapp directed at Airdrie takeover as former Tottenham boss plots return to footballHarry RedknappThe Lanarkshire club could act as a feeder for teams south of the border.
