---
_id: 285e2da0-9591-11ec-a67b-a1044e4a6cba
name: Bartonjxc
email: 6c22d3bc586e4e3f71fadcde59f8a5d3
permalink: false
date: '2022-02-24T16:45:22.589Z'
---
5 Useful things you Can Create With Your Old Floppy Disks

Before you get rid of those obsolete, Dust laden floppy disks, look at these five creative ways you can revitalise those aged pieces of history.

in addition to, you'll find lots of other creative uses for floppy disks, From lunch boxes to charms. A quick search on Pinterest or Google for 'recycled floppy disk' will throw up more results than you can shake a stick at, require five examples (And the hyperlinks included) existing quick, hassle-free, And simple complete guidance to bring some life back to those storage antiquities.

With nothing but a glue gun and five old floppy disks, you can earn these planters to house all those beloved plants, Flowers and herbs currently sitting in boring old plant pots and plastic containers around your household (These can of course double up to store other things you like!).

Follow this note by note tutorial to make your own, differently, I'm sure you can figure it out! quite frankly super glue (Or glue gun) Five floppy disks with one another (With one becoming the base). Place a flora pot (with your amount of plant within it!) inside of the body. with respect to the size, You may need to trim the plant pot with scissors so it doesn't peek out on top of your new planter. And voila! Your repurposed planter is ready to go!

problem rating: 1/5By creating your current floppy disk notepad, You'll never get to without a trusty place to jot down those thoughts, Ideas and constant to do lists. safely pocket sized, And dutifully adjustable, You might prefer this to your trusty Moleskine!

There are most often two main ways to rustle up your own floppy disk notebook. The first method is to produce a 'spiral notebook' (As shown in should you love [url=https://www.bestbrides.net/how-to-tell-if-a-chinese-woman-likes-you/]how to know if a chinese girl likes you[/url] video), Which uses get out of hand bindings (Or 16 gauge twisted aluminum wire that is wrapped around a pen to create the coil). To the actual holes, you may either use a trusty drill (Advisable for all through the plastic), prop punch, Or the common hole punch. in a perfect world, you need to make 3mm holes or thereabouts, that happens to be spaced roughly 2mm apart.

while the holes are made, Simply twist the coil together with holes from one end to the other. This is definitely a bit tricky, But that's an area of the fun, perfectly? (strain rating: 2/5)

The second program, As detailed on this instructables tutorial, Is the most effective, But less staggering, that permit you to use an elastic band threaded through the existing holes in the floppy disk (and those in your notepad/PostIt notes) To hold all areas together. (bother rating: 1/5)

Shoulder Bag if you have around 40 50 old floppy disks lying around, This one minute YouTube tutorial will reveal how to put them to good use by converting them into a sturdy shoulder bag to make any geek proud. You could even become a pro dressmaker by selling your bags on Etsy!

Although this tends to take quite a bit of time to complete, It's not certainly difficult, But involves plenty of drilling and fiddly manouvers to 'stitch' the floppy disks together with metal wire and to attach the shoulder strap to the bag. We can't guarantee your street cred will sky rocket after this, But it's a neat project though!

predicament rating: 3/5

USB Drive If you have a slim USB drive you do not mind pulling apart, You can carefully super glue this into an old floppy disk case so you can keep using both for what they were originally intended for storage!

on the whole, This involves removing the 'guts' from a standard USB Drive and re-planting these into your floppy disk. Do this totally though, As it's easier than you think to snap the fragile floppy disk plastic. I'd advise after video closely here as it's a lot easier than following text instructions.

obstacle rating: 3/5

Art and ultimately, This video should get those creativity flowing to inspire you to create some truly great 'social art from the obsolete' out of those old floppy disks! you will find how British artist Nick Gentry is using the plastic casings as a canvas for his incredible creations.

sure, It's your option as an artist to take whatever approach you like when repurposing your old floppy disks. If thinking about some more inspiration, lookup Pinterest for 'Floppy Disk Art', and don't forget to link to your art in the comments below!

issue rating: As overwhelming as you like!

If you are searching for more ways to repurpose your old tech, Check out some of our other posts on recycling ideas to be found on Instagram, Creative uses for your old cellular phone, And even how to make excersize equipment out of recycled materials.

any alternative creative uses have you seen for old floppy disks?

Image banking: ryan Kalab, Floppy piece of paper, Via flickr

rob Nightingale (270 Articles written and published) Rob Nightingale has a degree in Philosophy from the higher education of York, british. He worked as a social media manager and consultant for over five years, While giving workshops in many countries. You'll usually find him operating the world, being taught video editing, And trying out photography.

chances are to Like Also

This step by step tutorial to make your owncreate a 'spiral notebook'this instructables tutorialthis one minute YouTube tutorialcreativeuses for your old cell phonemake Christmas decorations10 Ways to Use Mind Mapping way of Exponential Productivity The mind mapping process can help you overcome the endless struggle of staying productive. PWM fanatics: Which 's better to Cool Your PC?5 Best businesses Apps for Windows 10.
