---
comments: true
title: qryq
date: '2013-07-05T06:31+11:00'
originalUrl: http://blog.bguiz.com/post/54620002947/qryq
permalink: /post/54620002947/qryq/
tags: [http, rest, javascript, nodejs, expressjs, q, open source, blog, optimisation]
---

<h2 id="pronunciation">Pronunciation</h2>
<p><code>/ˈkwərik/</code></p>
<h2 id="what-it-is">What it is</h2>
<p><code>qryq</code> is a NodeJs library that allows one to express a series of API queries and define the dependencies between them. These queries may be executed in parallel, in sequence, or in a directed acyclic graph.</p>
<p>Despite being non-RESTful, this makes code more readable and composable, and affords a number of benefits.</p>
<h2 id="benefits">Benefits</h2>
<ul><li>Allows the programmer to state client-server interactions <strong>declaratively</strong>, and thus avoid both callback spaghetti code and promise spaghetti code.</li>
<li>A reduction in total <strong>bandwidth</strong> and <strong>latency</strong>.</li>
<li>A reduction in <strong>duplication of business logic</strong> on the client and the server.</li>
<li>A treatment of <strong>several queries as an atomic unit</strong>, makes it easier to write asynchronous user interfaces.</li>
</ul><h2 id="example">Example</h2>
<pre><code>    [
      {"id":"qGeocodeOrigin","depends":[],"api":"gmapsGeoLookup","qry":{"address":"36 Meadow Wood Walk, Narre Warren VIC 3805"}},
      {"id":"qGeocodeDestination","depends":[],"api":"gmapsGeoLookup","qry":{"address":"19 Bourke Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000"}},
      {"id":"qScore","depends":["qGeocodeOrigin","qGeocodeDestination"],"api":"score","qry":{
          "origin":{"address":"36 Meadow Wood Walk, Narre Warren VIC 3805","lat":"#{qGeocodeOrigin}.lat","lon":"#{qGeocodeOrigin}.lon"},
          "journeyPlanner":"melbtrans",
          "destinations":[
            {
              "fixed":true,"class":"work","weight":0.8,
              "location":{"address":"19 Bourke Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000","lat":"#{qGeocodeDestination}.lat","lon":"#{qGeocodeDestination}.lon"},
              "modes":[{"form":"transit","max":{"time":2400}}]
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    ]
</code></pre>
<ul><li>Here we can see that we have defined three queries, named <code>qGeocodeOrigin</code>, <code>qGeocodeDestination</code>, <code>qScore</code>.</li>
<li>The first two do not define any dependencies, but the thirds does.
<ul><li><code>qryq</code> will figure out that it needs to execute <code>qScore</code>, only when both <code>qGeocodeOrigin</code> and <code>qGeocodeDestination</code> have completed, so that it may use its results.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>The <code>qScore</code> invokes the function that handles the <code>score</code> API, and passes in a set of presently known values through <code>qry</code></li>
<li>The <code>qry</code> for <code>qScore</code>also passes in variables, whose values are not known at the time of making the query.
<ul><li>An example: <code>"lon":"#{qGeocodeOrigin}.lon"</code>.</li>
<li><code>qryq</code> will substitute the computed values for these variables when it is this query&#8217;s turn to execute.</li>
</ul></li>
</ul><h2 id="more-details">More Details</h2>
<p><a href="https://github.com/bguiz/qryq/blob/master/doco/present/markdown/present.md" title="qryq presentation" target="_blank">A full presentation on <code>qryq</code></a></p>
<p><code>qryq</code> is a project that has spun off from another project of mine, <a href="https://github.com/bguiz/walkre" title="walkre" target="_blank"><code>walkre</code></a>. Most of the development of <code>qryq</code> has thus far occurred in <code>walkre</code>, and currently the <code>qryq</code> repository is merely a <em>snapshot</em> of the <code>qryq</code> code used in <code>walkre</code>. A proper extraction is on the plans.</p>
<h2 id="open-source">Open Source</h2>
<p><code>qryq</code> is open source, and you can <a href="https://github.com/bguiz/qryq" title="qryq source code on github" target="_blank">find it on github</a></p>
<div id="ap_listener_added"></div>