---
_id: ac7b1740-ae8a-11eb-93d1-25c7bbf36d4d
name: Denise Mcduffie
email: eac2063d7568aa1482ee2095a63d4bd3
permalink: false
date: '2021-05-06T16:46:58.997Z'
---
Doctors and scientists are trying to understand a troubling new phenomena called virus shedding. Those who have been inoculated with the experimental mRNA vaccines are causing those around them, predominately females, to suffer from some of adverse side effects that those who have been vaccinated are. Women who have been through menopause are once again having monthly periods accompanied by very severe blood clotting and head aches. Others are having still births and experiencing strange bruising on their legs. Those effected are warning others to stay away from the vaccinated. It remains to be seen if other dangerous side effects will also be transferred as well. A whistle blower from a Vaccination Task Force says the doctors on the panel are very concerned about prion diseases showing up in the vaccinated months after taking the jab. Prion Diseases are fatal brain wasting diseases.

For Visual Pictures and Videos on Vax death and side effects see the following links below:

Vax Shedding:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Q01TrnnpmbGZHdTpKzJUhZc42wtuimrL?usp=sharing

Vax Death and Problems folder:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1uDHRrqJYAhvUmtvz6zdx8W3uEfuafGOY?usp=sharing

Vax Misc Death:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/185voD3JpfqT0Mv0mK4G_H8T4JJQjzC_h?usp=sharing

More Vax Jab Death:
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1228s58Hg-Aa3cD3aPpPWFIl05hOjCpIs?usp=sharing

Vax Death & Illness Pics:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1L-hae9_IdhL5VGLij1icx5Xpx1vEk1MO?usp=sharing

Mark of the Beast PDF:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oBv-TEbmrIIsgPNTC-nTQ0ZVrDTjFdsk/view?usp=sharing

Vax PDFs

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/13JC2QVY09q_FdPqRzIlP_dqMKtaFLvGp?usp=sharing

Vax URLs:
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1HQyn2XAZdSxvioactPTqyQVivUfmK4kv?usp=sharing

Vax Fake Videos and Deaths:

https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xUO52yLaMjSsZuOHWaTOIIBEQQ5iLvhi?usp=sharing

Revelation 13:16-18 King James Version (KJV)
16 And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads:
17 And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name.
18 Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.

If you take the Mark of the Beast, this is what happens:
Revelation 14:9-11 King James Version (KJV)
9 And the third angel followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand,
10 The same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:
11 And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his name.

If you refuse the Mark of the Beast, this is what happens
Revelation 20:4 King James Version (KJV)
4 And I saw thrones, and they sat upon them, and judgment was given unto them: and I saw the souls of them that were beheaded for the witness of Jesus, and for the word of God, and which had not worshipped the beast, neither his image, neither had received his mark upon their foreheads, or in their hands; and they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.

Repent of your sins, trust and have faith in Jesus Christ, read your Bible, and be water baptised in Jesus name.

Free Bible link: https://my.bible.com/bible/1/MAT.1.KJV

To truly know what will happen in the end days, read the revelation portion of the Bible. Here is the link to that, its a very short read (22 pages in total): https://www.bible.com/bible/1/REV.1.KJV

For God so Loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have Everlasting Life. -John 3:16 KJV

Jesus saith unto him: "I AM The Way, The Truth and The Life, no man (no one) cometh to The Father but by Me." -John 14:6 KJV

That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth The Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. -Romans 10:9,10 KJV

Whosoever denieth The Son, the same hath not The Father; he that acknowledgeth The Son hath The Father also. -1 John 2:23 KJV

Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is The Son of God, God dwelleth in him and he in God. -1 John 4:15 KJV

He that believeth on The Son of God hath the witness in himself; he that believeth not God hath made Him a liar; because he believeth not the record that God gave of His Son.
And this is the record, that God hath given to us Eternal Life, and this Life is in His Son.
He that hath The Son hath Life; and he that hath not The Son of God hath not Life.
-1 John 5:10-12 KJV

And from Jesus Christ, who is The Faithful Witness, and The First begotten of the dead, and The Prince of the kings of the earth. Unto Him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in His own Blood and hath made us kings and priests unto God and His Father; to Him be glory and dominion for ever and ever Amen. -Revelation 1:5 and 6 KJV

Be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by The Name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by Him doth this man stand here before you whole. This is The Stone which was set at nought of you builders, which is become the Head of the Corner. Neither is there salvation in any other; for there is none other Name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved. Acts 4:10-12 KJV

Wherefore God also hath highly exalted Him, and given Him a Name which is above every name; That at The Name of Jesus every knee should bow, of things in heaven, and things in earth, and things under the earth; and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God The Father. -Philippians 2:9-11 KJV

The Bible says:
And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven, "Now salvation, and strength, and the kingdom of our God, and the power of His Christ have come, for the accuser of our brethren, who accused them before God day and night, has been cast down.
And they overcame him by The Blood of The Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death. - Revelation 12:10,11 KJV
