---
_id: b9971ed0-7977-11eb-ad36-615cab1c6292
name: Greg Duvall
email: e47b50ccf5ed081d30bc9bd70ccab3b6
permalink: false
date: '2021-02-28T03:47:48.988Z'
---
To better understand the true vaccine agenda and the nano-technolgy that is being employed in this DNA altering mRNA vaccine, which is really not a vaccine to begin with, Google the following.... profusa hydrogel, microdot vaccines, luciferase tattoo

Here are some very sobering warnings from the Lord about the consequences of taking the vaccine and altering your DNA.

#1 ‘The Mark Of The Beast Is Here’ 
Received by July Whedbee July 29, 2020

The implementation of the plans to alter your DNA and make it programmable by something other than Me, your Creator, are here. I control and govern the DNA I have placed within you, but if you allow man to administer anything within your bodies, that will recode your DNA, I will no longer be the controller. I will no longer recognize you as My creation. You will have become a mixture of something else, an altered form of man and technology, and therefore, not in My image any longer. Do you understand what I am saying? Truly the hour is here when you must prepare to make the choice to remain fully human, infused with My Spirit. The enemy wants nothing more than to deceive you through propaganda, fear and manipulation and cause you to allow either a mark or an implant (vaccine or digital tattoo) into your bodies that will forever separate you from Me. This is your reality right now! You must know what you will choose to do.

When you open doors to the enemy through sin and through your choices in life outside of My ways, the demonic spirits appoint gatekeepers over your heart, your mind, and your soul. Then those spirits invite more, and when no repentance occurs, strongholds occur. The heart of an unregenerate man is wicked and deceitful above all things. But My Word is quick, powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing apart of your soul and spirit, your joints and marrow, as I discern the thoughts and intentions of your heart. Allow Me to write My laws on your heart and you will know truth at last. You will know what is now directly in front of you and the choices that are here for you and your loved ones. My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge, but it does NOT have to be this way. Allow My glory to penetrate your spirit so that your soul will come under submission. To not allow this, means you will remain in bondage and you will be easily deceived. If I do not dwell in you fully, and your gates have been breached, another will easily influence you and take governance.

My people, I have given you the keys to the Kingdom. Whatever you bind on earth will be bound in Heaven and whatever is loosed on earth will be loosed in Heaven. Bind the strongman, bind the strongholds on your life and be delivered!

The technology for the mark of the beast is here. It is upon you. It will be presented at first to be taken voluntarily, then very soon after, you will not be able to buy, sell or work. Do not wait another moment. Come out of Babylon and make Me King of your heart, the Divine Gatekeeper of your soul.

The evil ones have set in motion their wicked schemes, as it must be so according to My Word. Many, many judgments will occur as I allow them. This is to wake up My church. You must know where you stand in your walk with Me, because in an instant, everything will change, and there will not be another opportunity to choose, because the choice will be made for you. You are either all in, or I am turning you over to your carnal mind and nature. You have the choice My loves, choose life and eternity in Me over eternal death in darkness. 

The time is now..

YAHUSHUA  (JESUS)


#2 You Must CHOOSE NOW to NOT Take the MARK or VACCINE
Cryptic1  Message given 8/9/2020

There will be a great shaking all across the land. It is coming. All will know who I AM is then. In those days many will cry out to Me. Have I not given out warning upon warning and still many of My own have not prepared? Seek Me now while I may be found. Seek Me wholeheartedly in My Word, in worship, in kneeling before Me in repentance – I will be found. Time is short. Time is precious. Use it wisely for it is on the move – passing -never to return. Many will cry out to Me in that day. Is it not better to call out to Me now while I am here?

CHILDREN THE TIME IS COME TO CHOOSE – TO TAKE THE VACCINE OR NOT – TO TAKE OF THE MARK OR NOT. NOW IS THE TIME. NOW IS THE HOUR. DO NOT WAIT UNTIL IT IS AT YOUR DOOR –FOR IT WILL BE TOO LATE FOR MANY OF YOU. MANY WILL BUCKLE AND CAVE IN TO THE DEMANDS OF THE ENEMY. WHEN THERE IS NO FOOD, NO HOME, NO MONEY – IT WILL BE HARDER TO STAND AND EASIER TO TAKE THE MARK AND THE VACCINE. YOU MUST STAND BEFORE ME NOW AND SUBMIT YOUR WILL TO MY WILL. ALLOW ME TO LEAD YOU AND GUIDE YOU CHILDREN. THERE WILL BE MUCH SUFFERING BUT IT WILL BE GREATER (SUFFERING) WITHOUT ME. CHOOSE NOW. CHOOSE LIFE WITH ME AND FORSAKE THIS WORLD AND ITS’ TRAPPINGS IN EXCHANGE FOR THE HEAVENLY KINGDOM I OFFER – OR CHOOSE DEATH. ETERNAL DEATH I SAY – FOR ONCE YOU TAKE OF THE MARK YOU ARE AS DEAD TO ME FOR YOUR SOUL WILL BE LOST TO ME ETERNALLY FOREVER.

I have said to persevere until the end. I have said there would be tribulation. I have said that anyone who does not give up father or mother or their loved ones is not worthy of My Kingdom and to sit at My right hand. Only the Father knows the day and the hour so prepare, prepare for all that is coming.

Ground your hearts in Me – the firm foundation of Truth. Many will be caught up even now in the lies and deception of the evil one. I am the Way, I am the Truth, I am the light of the world. Come follow Me children. Persevere to the end. I will be with you always. Guard your hearts. Forgive your enemies. Keep your garments white and pure. Be holy as I am Holy.

I come upon the clouds of glory for My own.

Your Savior Lord and King

Yeshua


#3 Covid-19 Vaccinations MEAN DEATH! Esther Eagle
March 3, 2020

I was praying and fasting, regarding the Covid-19 vaccine during the time I’ve received this dream:

In my dream, God took me into the near future of America. I was overlooking America (like a birds eye view), and I looked to my right of America (the Eastside) and was overlooking New York State as well.. And I saw millions of people in America, had received the Covid-19 vaccine.

And also throughout America, I could see 5G towers monitoring VERY closely the covid-19 vaccinated individuals (victims).

When I saw this, I immediately asked God, “How are they completely connected to these 5G towers and the towers to them?” Right after I asked God this, He took me to a hospital in New York. There, I saw a doctor giving a patient, the covid-19 vaccine. (The doctor and patient couldn’t see me.)
But while the doctor was injecting into the patient’s arm, the covid-19 vaccine shot.. I saw hundreds/thousands of little specs of microchips, [nanobots] INSIDE the covid-19 vaccine, flowing through the shot, and into that individual.

As the dream went on,
One thing got my attention immediately..was that the people who’d taken the Covid-19 vaccine, their whole body was glowing an odd color green. I asked God, “What does this mean?” And I saw the word, “radioactive”.

AND, upon seeing this..I also saw that they had extra super dark energy-that is, super demonic energy- attached to them!

Also, the word “LEGION”…was written all over them as well!

The Lord took my up higher in the dream (again birds eye view, but over looking America). And the million’s of people, who’d priorly were covid-19 vaccinated and being controlled by the 5G towers.. BEGAN to grow to be VERY violent and AGGRESSIVE, VERY beast like..
In fact, the news called it, “An outbreak” and that those same people (those with covid-19 vaccine in their blood) were deemed “INCURABLE”.

These (covid-19) vaccinated individuals, where EVERYWHERE (when the “outbreak” occurred)! There was NO LINE they weren’t willing to cross, (be it in, violence, murder, mayhem, ravaging, etc). . They were COMPLETELY and UTTERLY out of hand!

I was taken to a very disturbing scene:

A major city, in the mid-eastern side of America.. were infested with “incurables”..They were literally running all over-many on all fours-just like beasts! They were running out of a city, that they had priorly taken over, (I saw thousands laying dead all over the streets of that city.. the smell and sight was HORRIBLE!)

I saw then, that the same (CV-19 vaccinated) crazed “incurables” were ALL at war, with the EVERBODY, including the U.S. military! Looking down at the outskirts in this same city, it was a scene of COMPLETE utter confusion, torment and chaos!
The US military soldiers were in the thousands, and armed with machine guns etc, were shooting (by the droves), all “infected” on sight!

The “infected” (so full of legion within themselves; in the hundreds of thousands), were throwing metal objects, rocks-whatever they could find-all against the U.S. Military..the “infected” were even jumping off of vehicles (they’d jump as high as 8-10 in the air) and tall objects to gain ground against the U.S. Military..

The “infected”, didn’t care to loose their own lives either!
(As before mentioned..”there was no line they weren’t willing to cross..”)

I saw these “incurable” (CV-19 vaccinated) people were in the millions, everywhere in America, they were burning up, homes, cities, towns, neighborhoods..

During this “OUTBREAK”..that resulted throughout the U.S. Martial Law was issued, as the military soldiers each had orders to: “Shoot ALL incurables/infected ON SIGHT!”

The soldiers had to be in gathered in large groups at a time and use special automatic machine guns..because it literally took LOTS of bullets just to kill one “incurable” on sight. .

It was far worse on the East side of America too, especially because of the “most infected” cities there (as the media put it)..

Right then, seeing all this, I heard the Lord repeat 3x’s: “Covid-19 Vaccinations MEAN DEATH!”

*Note: I told myself, for the Lord to use the word, “Death”..I knew strongly in my spirit, He meant, ‘Eternal death’.

#4 What the Mark is like
March 29, 2020

Daughter of God
I got to experience in this dream what it would be like to receive the mark of the beast.

Dream:

There was 2 of me and we were standing in a tent where a nurse was giving vaccinations. I had a choice to take the vaccine or not. I said “I don’t want that, it could be the mark of the beast.” The nurse reassured me saying “no it’s not, it’s just a vaccine, just a precursor to the mark, it’s nothing”. The other me said “I’ll go first, don’t be a chicken, it’s nothing”. Then I started seeing through her eyes. For the rest of the dream I was in that other version of me that chose to take the mark. I believe God was showing me this so I could see what it is like and warn others. It’s going to get real dark and disturbing from here so I wont even tell all the details of it.

Ok so the nurse pulled out a tattooing device and tattooed me in the center of my forehead. I barely felt it and looked in the mirror to see if it was done and I saw a circular pattern of quantum dots. They glowed white. About 2 cm diameter. Then the nurse got me to draw a symbol. I knew the symbol was to seal the deal. It seemed to be some kind of witchcraft symbol. It had a triangular shape at the top with a spiral under it. I won’t draw it again to show you, for obvious reasons. Remember it wasn’t me doing it, I was like an observer but seeing through her eyes with no control of what was happening.

Then I felt demons attach to me, one on each side and I felt changed. I felt Holy Spirit and love leave me and my heart felt empty and dead. It scared me, the nothingness inside, like a void that can’t be filled. It felt so cold. But I felt powerful and had superpowers but they were like magic, like witchcraft powers. I went out to test them out. I could wave my hand over things to repair them and I could jump through portals to other places. I was hanging out with the rich and famous. They all had the mark too. I felt an immense pride and superiority over “regular” humans. I felt no empathy whatsoever. This must be what a psychopath feels. I was killing people like it was nothing. I’ll stop there. You get the point: The mark made me evil in the dream. It made me sick, (the real me), I knew at was wrong but couldn’t stop it. I actually repented when I woke up because the dream disturbed me so much. It was nothing like me in real life. In real life I have a big heart and love and care for others and I’m not proud at all. I’m just a humble servant for God. I never want to experience anything like that again.

Don’t take the vaccine, it is the mark and will turn you into a monster. You’re better off dying than taking this mark.

I asked God for a confirmation of this dream and He gave me this scripture :

For we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places. Therefore take up the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. – Ephesians 6:12,13

God bless

#5 SO BE IT!
September 29, 2020
Only A Grain Of Sand

I AM gave you the Ten Commandments as The Law. You repudiated them entirely, slowly, over time making them a mockery and or an enforced private predilection, or illegal and a hate crime.
SO BE IT!

I AM send My Only Begotten Son Jesus The Christ to offer His Life & Blood as an efficacious Sacrifice for your sins, and the sins of your forefathers (individual & collective). You rejected Him and made your self gods.
SO BE IT!

I AM gave you the Bible, My Holy Word in the Old & New Testaments, the inspired Word of the Holy Spirit. You edited it, miss-translated it, re-wrote it, cut and pasted it, re-interpreted it, cut out books from it, made it gender neutral, hated it, dismissed it, forgot it, treated it like fiction or a novel, refused to honor it, burned it, trampled on it, used it in satanic rites, accepted it in part, spit on it.
SO BE IT!

I AM sent the prophets, many watchmen and watchwomen to you. But you scorned them, rejected, murdered, ignored, laughed at, dismissed, silenced, or quibbled at their every word, arguing about semantics, the dot-and-tittle, dissected the grammar and mocked My Words to your perdition.
SO BE IT!

I AM heard your grumbling, rejection, detestation of My Divine Will, making your human will an idol, worshiped by all the nations of the world.
SO BE IT!

You destroyed My Little Ones (Abortion). Grinding them up, sucking them out of the womb live, pulverizing them into a bloody mush, murdering them after they came out of the womb. Selling their body parts, daubing them as cosmetics on your faces, using their glands as drugs for the elites, discarding their bodies in dumpsters, using them in food as sweeteners and genetic research.
SO BE IT!

You changed girls into boys, and boys into girls and altered the definition of masculinity and femininity, marriage, family, and made your bodies which are Temples Of The Holy Spirit into debased animalistic idols. You ran after and lusted for strange flesh and My Creation, the animal kingdom, as your sexual partners without shame or remorse.
SO BE IT!

You made idols of the rich and famous and media stars making them gods of the cult of personality, worshiping their every word, gesture and action fornicating with satan, as you danced after the damned.
SO BE IT!

You made a religion out of your country, your national pride, your wealth, power your hegemony world-wide as The Hammer of All. With military might controlled all the peoples of the earth with wars, assassinations, coupes, extortion, domination, threats, sanctions, invasions, secret operations, drugs, sale of weapons of mass destruction, financial manipulations of currency, stocks & bonds, precious metals, international treaties, deals under the table, pornography, child trafficking, slave labor, abductions, and violent (god-of-forces) medias.
SO BE IT!

You have now turned your attention to making child sex and cannibalism legal.
SO BE IT!

You exported a Corporate/Industrial/Commercial Complex to destroy and overpower all the indigenous cultures, peoples of the earth to make a homogeneous one world way of life of commercialism, materialism, with a secular humanistic world view on the road to openly worshiping the snake king. A world view that has obliterated the unique way of life of cultures that have existed and formerly flourished for thousands of years.
SO BE IT!

You have duplicated and followed the paths of all of the former world civilizations of the past. Initial germination, vigorous youth and strength, morality, peace and justice, beginnings of great abundance and wealth, aggression and domination of neighbors, the first signs of decadence and perversion, internal strife, weakness, exhaustion, collapse and now final annihilation.
SO BE IT!

You worshiped your kings. Raising them to godhead. Putting your total faith in an man, instead of God, believing their lies and tricks, and playing a political two party system that has transfixed your your people for countless generations and divided you against your neighbor, in a useless game of Divide & Conquer, leading to chaos, riot, carnage, destruction and now to murder.
SO BE IT!

You chose a Culture of Death over Life. You chose Hell over Heaven.
SO BE IT!

You Chose Today Over Tomorrow. Exchanging the gift of eternal life offered to you by a Loving Creator God The Father for and eternity with the snake king, in a lake of fire with no love, peace, light, joy or pause.
SO BE IT!

You bartered your inheritance for a mess of potage, for a dish of lentils you threw away a glorious legacy of a never ending future of unlimited horizons.
SO BE IT!

You chose Night (secret sins, thefts, hidden addictions, whispered lies, gossip, calumny, unforgiveness rehearsed for never-ending years, occult perversions) over Day (godly transparency, honesty, strait forwardness, upright actions, truth).
SO BE IT!

You scorned, laughed at modesty, virginity, decency, destroying the youth of multiple generation with sex, drugs, rock-n-roll.
SO BE IT!

You legalized gambling, prostitution, promoting addictions, obsessions, compromising individuals, families, marriages, building underworld empires and sin-cities of satan, like Los Vegas & Atlantic City, which will both be soon destroyed.
SO BE IT!

You elevated Sport to a false religion, destroying youth in the bloom of their vigor with obsessive ambition for extravagant wealth and lust for fame, who worship at an evil altar instead of making their dedication, talent, hard work towards a career, a balanced part of their lives.
SO BE IT!

You let the MSM tell you what to think, what to buy, what to say, what to love, what to hate, what to obey, what to worship.
SO BE IT!

You accept the lies and dictates of corrupt and satanically oriented politicians who are bent on your own destruction, and sacrifice their own flesh (sons & daughters) to satan.
SO BE IT!

You follow after an occult based popular culture taking their diabolically dedicated products into your homes and filling your eyes, ears, mouths with its rancid filth, death, and destruction.
SO BE IT!

You choose satan, the snake king, the devil, the man of perdition, the anti-Christ, over God The Father, God The Son, God The Holy Spirit.
SO BE IT!

You choose yourself over your families, your loves ones, your neighbors, your God.
SO BE IT!

You choose to put off today, what you know should be done to prepare for the Great Tribulation, that is now at your door-step.
SO BE IT!

You decided this message is the ravings of a lunatic, a false or deluded person who needs to be more tolerant, mind their own business, get-a-job, just plain shut-up, go away, be silent, forget it, change the channel, get lost, go to jail, be reported, locked up, forcibly stopped!
SO BE IT!

The Sun Went Down, The Day & Night Came & A Darkness Covered The Earth & All The Peoples Of The World Made Their Final Decision YES Or NO To Their God!
SO BE IT!
